Detail page (#5)
daiterranova/Stocks: README.md

    }
```

> Using the `filter` method, we go through the watchList array and returned it excepting of the selected stock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `filter` method, we go through the watchList array and return it except of the selected stock.
```

We set the value of the `watchList` variable to this new filtered list.

### useNavigate Hook

> When the user clicks on a row, we want to re-directed to the detail of the stock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user clicks on a row, we want to be re-directed to the detail of the stock.
```

In order to achieve it, we import the `useNavigate` hook on `StockList` component, and inside of the function, we store the hook in a varible:

```
import { useNavigate } from "react-router-dom"

const navigate = useNavigate();

``` 

Then, we create a handle function that receives the symbol of the stock and, with it, we call the hook passing the route based on the correspondent symbol:

```
 const handleStockSelect = (symbol) => {
        navigate(`detail/${symbol}`)
    }
```
Finally, pass the handle function inside of the row's stock:

```
<tr style={{ cursor: "pointer" }} onClick={() => handleStockSelect(stockData.symbol)} className="table-row" key={stockData.symbol}>
```

### Fetching historical data

Inside of the `StockDetailPage` component:

First, import `useParams` hook to extract the **symbol**:

```
const { symbol } = useParams()
```

> After, we implement a **useEffect** hook to fetch the data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, we implement a **useEffect** hook to fetch the data:
```

- Create a date object ``` const date = new Date() ```
- Get the current time ```const currentTime = Math.floor(date.getTime() / 1000)````

> - Establish the neccesary conditions for contemplate the weekend days when there's no new quotes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Establish the necessary conditions to contemplate the weekend days when there are no new quotes. 
```

```
if (day === 6) { // saturday
                oneDay = currentTime - 2 * 24 * 60 * 60
            }
            else if (day === 0) { //sunday
                oneDay = currentTime - 3 * 24 * 60 * 60
            }
            else {
                oneDay = currentTime - 24 * 60 * 60
            }
```

> - Using **Promise.all** and taking into account the finnhub endpoint for the [stock candles](https://finnhub.io/docs/api/stock-candles), we get the data that we need hitting to the **/stock/candle's endpoint** as the first parameter, and as the second one, the object params with the required arguments (symbol,from,to,resolution). We fetch three request for obtain the historical data of a day, a week and a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using **Promise.all** and taking into account the finnhub endpoint for the [stock candles](https://finnhub.io/docs/api/stock-candles), we get the data that we need hitting to the **/stock/candle's endpoint** as the first parameter, and as the second one, the object params with the required arguments (symbol,from,to,resolution). We fetch three requests to obtain the historical data of a day, a week and a year.
```

```

            try {
                const responses = await Promise.all([
                    finnHub.get("/stock/candle", {
                        params: {
                            symbol,
                            from: oneDay,
                            to: currentTime,
                            resolution: 30
                        }
                    }),
                    finnHub.get("/stock/candle", {
                        params: {
                            symbol,
                            from: oneWeek,
                            to: currentTime,
                            resolution: 60
                        }
                    }),
                    finnHub.get("/stock/candle", {
                        params: {
                            symbol,
                            from: oneYear,
                            to: currentTime,
                            resolution: "M"
                        }
                    })
                ])
```
#### Formatting data

> Now  that we have the responses we need, we stored it on a new state variable `chartData`, and inside of the useEffect we set the variable with an object with the properties day,week and year, and each one of them call the **formatData** function that receives the data property for every request made it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now  that we have the responses we need, we store them on a new state variable `chartData`, and inside of the useEffect we set the variable with an object with the properties day,week and year, and each one of them calls the **formatData** function that receives the data property for every request made it.
```
